Link developer tooling from CONTRIBUTING.md (#1760)
precice/precice: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

  * Make sure you fill in the earliest version that you know has the issue.
* Fork the repository on GitHub.
* Create a feature branch, based on `develop`, from where you want to base your work. For simplicity, prefix the branch name either with `add-` or `fix-`.
* Make commits of logical units.
  Write [good commit messages][commit].
  Check for unnecessary whitespace with `git diff --check` before committing.
* Write tests to assure your feature works as expected and prevent it from getting broken in the future.
  See our example tests in `src/testing/tests/ExampleTests.cpp` and the [documentation of boost.test][boosttest] for more information.
* Run _all_ the tests to assure nothing else accidentally broke.
* Use the available [tools to format and check your contribution](https://precice.org/dev-docs-dev-tooling.html), in particular the pre-commit hook that will format the code following our [style guide][style].
* Submit a pull request to the repository in the preCICE organization and fill the provided template.

>   See [Collaboration workflow with pull requests and issues][workflow] and [Creating a pull request][pullrequest] to get started.

Reviewer: @MakisH
```suggestion
  See [Collaboration workflow with pull requests and issues](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests) and [Creating a pull request](https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request) to get started.
```

Author: The `[pullrequest]` is actually a reference to the bottom of the document, not a relative link. I was also confused about this before.

In that sense, one could argue that my new link is inconsistent with the rest.

Reviewer: Are you sure? Where is it pointing to then. Looking here https://github.com/precice/precice/blob/develop/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md it clearly refers to the links given above, no?

Author: I guess we have some misunderstanding here.

When rendering the file on GitHub, I see full, absolute links, which work.
When looking at the source, the `[workflow]` points to `[workflow]: https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests`. This seems to be the same link as the one you are adding, just different Markdown syntax.

Reviewer: Ah ok, didn't look at the offline version, this is probably GH standard then, thanks for clarification!
